Danielle's ago into YouTube hopefully
I'll have an amazing week and I'm
landing and today we're talking about
the boy with the world's largest hands
[Music]
so how are you guys doing in my last
video I asked you guys what is something
you like about school and this is what
you all set it down here today's kind of
question of the day is what is your
least favorite body part so getting
right into it I'm terrible to say your
old boy named Kathleen he was just seen
on Channel five documentary film
that's because kalium suffers from a
rare medical condition the rare
condition is called macro dactylic which
means he has giant sized hands and it's
sad to say was this little guys actually
banned from going to school because of
his fellow classmate thinks that he's
the devil and he's also been an outcast
in his village in India because they
believe that he is the child of the
devil everyone believes that he's been
infected by demons isn't this such a sad
story I mean this is a kid who needs
help but he's being abandoned by
everyone well now he's preparing for a
life-changing surgery the family's gonna
be traveling thousands of miles to visit
a leading reconstructive surgeon in
southern India and this doctors
convinced that he can improve the
function in Colleen's hands doctor
doctor work against the clock during the
complicated surgery to maneuver between
fatty tissues and swollen nerves in the
hand the invasive surgery is risky for
the malnourished eight-year-old boy so
he has to build up his strength and his
energy to be able to go through with the
operation so I do wish him the best of
luck so breaking news that just happened
we're talking with James Holmes he was
responsible for killing 12 people and
injuring seven the others in a movie
theater in Aurora Colorado back in 2012
he's also known as a Batman movie
theater shooter well finally the verge
has come to what his sentencing will be
the jury was unable to come to a
unanimous sentencing verdict which
results in life in prison without parole
instead of the death penalty he has
pleaded not guilty by the reasons of
insanity during the time of the
shootings he was convicted last month of
24 counts of first degree murder which
is two charges for each victim it was a
12 member jury which took them seven
hours to reach a deliberation I was
researching what life in prison sentence
was in the States and it starts off
minimum at 15 years up until indefinite
or
just there forever and it also varies in
one state you're in so it's most likely
that James Holmes is gonna die while
being behind bars so a few celebrity
birthdays happening today so shout-out
to you guys Kylie Jenner you turned 18
years old or 18 years young damn is she
really only 18 honey Boo Boo's mom turns
36 if we need Houston was still alive
today yesterday was her birthday should
have celebrated her 52nd which is still
pretty young the pop legend passed away
in 2012 but her legacy will never be
forgotten well you said her to talk
about Sabrina Kaur gotelli who was the
University of County hunts and kills
animals for fun I mean is this real life
right now right now she's being put on
blast because she's upsetting a lot of
people and people are still trying to
get over the death of the famous lion
Cecil Sabrina has been uploading these
pictures on social media and all over
the internet and she's seen boasting
about her kills telling people that
there's a lot more to come
I mean poor defenseless animals what do
you guys think about people who hunt
animals for fun and cut off their heads
and hang them up for victory okay so
this next story is about Jones and her
younger brother Curtis well they just
got out of prison after serving 16 years
behind bars back in 1999 they shot and
killed their father's girlfriend song at
Nicole's fights they have planned to
kill their father and a male relative as
well and that's because they said that
they've been sexually molesting them but
their cries fell on deaf ears and they
were locked away for a very long time at
that time they were both considered the
youngest person to be charged with
first-degree murder and this is in the
u.s. they've never once mentioned the
abuse of the internees
probably because of embarrassment and
they pleaded guilty to second-degree
murder
accepting the sentencing of 18 years and
probation for life this is a really
tragic and messed up story and from
there we move on to who could be the
youngest mayor ever I'm talking about
this young kid right now this is three
year old James tuft and he's campaigning
to be Dorset's youngest mayor Dorsett is
a country in southwest England he's open
to follow in the footsteps of his older
brother who is six years old and his
older brother is Robert who's former
mayor of Dorset Dorset has a population
of 22 so him and his brother make up a
huge percentage of that population and
I'm not sure what the roles of mayor in
this country is but I guess it's easy
enough and simple enough for a
three-year-old to just
run a whole country he'll probably order
a candy and early bedtime Saturday so
recently we have all learned that Chris
Jackson aka 50 cent has filed for
bankruptcy well currently he is trying
to rented us 21 bedroom mansion I mean
god damn why do you need so many rooms
this is his home in Connecticut the cost
per month for him to live there is about
72 thousand dollars and I'm not sure
where he's gonna find someone with so
much money that wants to rent down his
house it doesn't want to just buy a
house for themselves I mean who has 72
thousand dollars a month to just rent I
think 50 Cent's should just come up with
a new song to make more money I mean the
guy's already famous as it is okay so
the money he spends a month was broken
down a little bit so he spends a
thousand to groom himself three thousand
on wardrobe because I guess he needs new
clothes every single month another
$9,000 goes to security to protect them
and another five thousand for gardening
that is insane that is a whole lot of
African kids that could have been saved
but instead you're planting flowers and
you need all this damn security and
let's say again that you have 21
bedrooms does that really need it what
do you guys think about the whole thing
but anyways guys that's all the new
stories I got for you guys today thank
you guys so much for watching we do this
whole thing over again tomorrow so I'll
see you guys then let me know what you
guys think in this video if you liked it
hit that like button and like click over
there because look at what minion is on
oh wait you can't you can't even click
that or Kenya and if you guys want more
videos right now there's two videos
where I'm free to click on so click on
one of those okay bye